1) Boil the noodles: Cook the Fettuccine al dente, 
according to package instructions.
2) Cook the chicken: Season the chicken, 
then pan-fry in oil and butter, for 6 minutes a side, 
or until an internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F. 
Transfer to a cutting board and let rest for a few minutes, 
then cut into 1/2-inch thick slices. Tent with foil, while you prepare the sauce.
3)Make the Alfredo sauce: Using the same pan you used to cook the chicken, the cream, 
butter, and seasonings are incorporated and simmered on medium-low heat until thickened, 
then the Parmesan is added in until melted and smooth.
4)Assemble: Drain the pasta, reserving some of the liquid to loosen the sauce 
(only if necessary.) Toss immediately with the Alfredo sauce. Divide the pasta 
among serving bowls and top with a few slices of cooked chicken. Garnish with parsley, 
more Parmesan, and black pepper if desired.


1) Pound chicken to an even thickness
Pound the boneless chicken breasts out to an even width so they cook evenly. 
Basically, you're pounding the thick part down to the size of the thin part, 
about a half-inch thick.
2) Don't skimp on seasoning
Salt and pepper the chicken well. Then don't bother with salting the flour and 
bread crumbs.
3) Add Parmesan to the bread crumbs
Use Panko bread crumbs mixed with a little finely grated Parmesan cheese. 
When you fry the breaded chicken, the Parmesan will give it an extra crunch and exciting flavor.
4) Rest before cooking
Before frying, let the breaded chicken sit on the counter for about 15 minutes to allow 
the coating to adhere to the chicken breast.
5) Go easy on the sauce
THE KEY: Don't drown the poor breaded and fried chicken in sauce and smother it in 
cheese. Too much of a good thing is too much. You did all the work creating a 
crisp coating, why make it soggy with too much sauce and cheese?
6) Make sure your oven is hot, hot, hot
Be sure your oven is completely preheated to 450 F. You'll want the cheese to brown 
slightly and the breading to crisp up before the chicken gets overcooked, and a 
nice hot oven is the way to go.

1) Preheat oven 430째F | 220째C. Lightly grease an oven tray (or baking dish) with non stick cooking oil spray; set aside.
2) Whisk together eggs, garlic, parsley, salt and pepper in a shallow dish. Add chicken into the egg, rotating to evenly coat each fillet in the mixture. 
Cover with plastic wrap and allow to marinate for at least 15 minutes (or overnight night if time allows for a deeper flavour).
3) When chicken is ready for cooking, mix bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese and garlic powder together in a separate shallow bowl. Dip chicken into the breadcrumb mixture to evenly coat.
4) Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat until hot and shimmering. Fry chicken until golden and crispy, (about 4-5 minutes each side).
5) Place chicken on prepared baking tray / dish and top each breast with about 1/3 cup of sauce (sauce recipe below). 
Top each chicken breast with 2-3 slices of mozzarella cheese and about 2 tablespoons parmesan cheese. Sprinkle with basil or parsley. 
6) Bake for 15-20 minutes, or until cheese is bubbling and melted, and the chicken is completely cooked through.


MAKE THE CROUTONS:
1) Preheat oven to 375째F.
2) Drizzle bread cubes with enough olive oil so they are all very lightly coated. 
Toss and add salt.
3) Spread out onto a sheet pan and bake until edges turn brown, 7-10 minutes. 
Keep a close eye on them so they don't burn, stir and toss them as needed.
4) Set aside while you prepare the rest of the salad. Can be made several days in advance 
and stored in an airtight container.

MAKE THE DRESSING:
1) Whisk together all ingredients.
2) Store in the fridge until ready to use. Can be made at least 1 week in advance.

ASSEMBLE THE SALAD:
1) In a large bowl, toss the lettuce with enough dressing to lightly coat the leaves 
(or to your preference). You may not need all of the dressing.
2) Add half of the croutons and Parmesan cheese and toss again.
3) Top with remaining croutons and cheese and serve immediately.

1) Preheat the oven to 400째F.
2) Wrap each beet in a piece of aluminum foil and drizzle generously with olive oil and 
pinches of salt and pepper. Place the beets on a baking sheet and roast for 40 to 90 
minutes, or until soft and fork-tender. The time will depend on the size and freshness 
of the beets. Remove the beets from the oven, remove the foil, and set aside to cool. 
When they are cool to the touch, peel the skins. I like to hold them under running
water and slide the skins off with my hands.
3) Let the beets cool and chill them in the fridge until ready to use.
4) Assemble the salad with the greens, shallots, apples, walnuts, cheese, 
and microgreens, if using. Drizzle with balsamic vinaigrette. 
Season with flaky sea salt and pepper and serve.

1) Preheat the oven to 350 F.
2) Microwave the butter for about 40 seconds. 
Butter should be completely melted but shouldn't be hot.
3) In a large bowl, mix butter with the sugars until well-combined.
4) Stir in vanilla and egg until incorporated.
5) Add the flour, baking soda, and salt. 
Please read the recipe note about properly measuring flour. 
6) Mix dough until just combined. 
Dough should be soft and a little sticky but not overly sticky.
7) Stir in chocolate chips.
8) Scoop out 1.5 tablespoons of dough (medium cookie scoop) and place 2 inches apart on 
baking sheet.
9) Bake for 7-10 minutes, or until cookies are set. They will be puffy and still look a 
little underbaked in the middle
